start with freshly washed skin then wipe
your face and neck with a ready-to-use
peeling like you want to get rid of all
the dead skin cells lurking on the
surface now that you've got clean skin
you want to keep it hydrated a quick
moisturizing mask at this stage will do
wonders
apply the mask with a large brush this
gives you greater control let the mask
sit for a few minutes then wipe away the
mask with cotton pads or a clean cloth
now it's time for your favorite
moisturizer docked a small amount on
each cheek the forehead and chin massage
gently into your skin all over the face
and neck the skin around your eyes and
lips is delicate so needs an extra
moisturizing boost using your ring
finger the most lightweight at the hand
place three dots of Pi serum underneath
each eye and Pat gently into the skin
around the eyes until absorbed repeat
this process with your lips
for best results you'll want to use two
shades of liquid foundation one that
matches your skin and another at a
slightly darker using a foundation brush
apply the shape that matches your skin
evenly across the face then suck in your
cheeks to find your cheekbones using the
shade that is slightly darker brush your
line just underneath each bone and blend
well
this subtle contrasting strip will
really enhance the shape of your
cheekbones the skin around the eyes is
usually darker so to get them nice and
bright use a mixture of concealer and
foundation and apply a thin layer in a
triangle shape under the eye and then
across the eyelids blend into the
foundation well want good coverage but
nothing cakey and texture you'll also
want to cover up any blemishes and add a
touch of concealer to the tip of your
chin for an added brightening effect
again blend well
now that you've got a flawless face you
want to literally highlight the best
bits using a liquid highlighter and a
flat brush apply strokes of highlighter
along the length of the nose just above
the Cupid's bow along the cheekbones and
the temples blend well with a rounded
brush and your fingertips you can also
add highlighter to your eyelids to
really get the eye sparkling
for the finishing touch apply a few
coats of mascara you'll look pretty and
polished and voila with a little prep
some clever brushwork and a lot of
blending you've got radiant yet
natural-looking skin
you